(Driver) Are you Japanese?
Want me to introduce you
to some good-looking babes?
Asshole doesn't even speak English.
(Bellboy) Is, er …
Is this all right, sir?
Thank you, sir.
(Whistles)
(Silent)
Are you going out, sir?
Oh, please don't bother, sir.
You already gave me a tip.
(Bellboy) Please take
the gentleman to this address.
(Driver) Got it.
He worked here a while ago,
but he got into some trouble,
so I fired him.
He says he quit.
Excuse me!
Yamamoto lives near here.
Go 3 Blocks that way,
and then turn left.
He lives above the Trade Building.
He's into some bad business
with some black guys.
Better be careful.
(Breaking glass)
Damn! Where the fuck
are your eyes, motherfucker?
Huh? What you gonna do
about my wine, motherfucker?
Ain't some old cheap-ass wine.
Gonna cost you $200!
Huh, yeah … huh? Huh?
Shit!
(Groans)
Hey!
(Phone)
Hello. Good Day, Sir!
The Big Boss wants to go out?
Yes.
Please wait a moment.
Hey, move your short legs!
Excuse me.
We're in the middle of a war now!
Got it!
Hey, go upstairs!
Yes, Sir!
Keep it open, asshole!
Tobacco.
Get out!
Please.
Any new girls?
The same old faces.
A pack of cigarettes.
What about her?
Come on.
She's Mr. Yoshida's girl.
Right.
I haven't seen him for some time.
What about him?
Oh, Jun.
He was introduced by a liquor vendor.
Shall I …?
No, no.
It's great to get out of the house.
Lots of great women here!
No fun at home staring at the old bag.
Come on, drink up!
Take the boss home!
Big Boss, please.
- What? We're leaving already?
Let him pass.
- Spoil sports!
Too weak, Sir?
Too strong!
Brother,
shouldn't we call
a truce with the enemy?
You're getting soft.
Can't be so headstrong,
We're not young anymore.
Cops are already here.
Dump it somewhere.
Hope the boss went home.
And not to his mistress's.
Why the fuck are you here?
That's how it is,
so might as well come to an agreement.
We don't want it to get out of hand.
Better to disband the family.
Hisamatsu says he'll look after you.
Goddammit. This is a wake?
Shit happens.
"Shit happens"?
What's with this tie?
Back off, punk!
"I have a wife with children
and my men."
"I cut off my finger.
So let me join the family
that killed our Boss."
"Please, Brother?"
Don't brother me!
I don't want this!
I should kill you, you traitor!
You call yourself a yakuza?
He's doing it for us.
Please kill me instead.
Please forgive us! Please!
You stay out of this!
Sorry, brother.
Never mind.
I'll talk to Aniki for you.
Well, see you.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
You're out of line.
I declare this to Mr. Harada
and the 10 men
who will become dependents.
As you drink the sacred sake
before you,
you will become members
of the Hisamatsu Family.
As you may already realize
in the strict world of the yakuza
even if your boss tells you,
white is black
you must put aside all reservations
and agree to his view.
Damn Hisamatsu!
Why is he taking that bastard in?
I think the police pressured him.
There was no alternative.
This way,
our enemy is finished.
Aniki doesn't fit in.
It's like he's not needed.
Cause he's an outsider.
After all, you were enemies.
It can't be helped.
I've been told to kill you.
You're a pain in their ass
and they don't trust me.
Then, kill me.
Come on!
We're sworn brothers.
Could you leave the country?
I'll take care of everything.
I could go to America.
My kid brother's there.
Impossible for a yakuza?
Brother, would you really go?
The Chinese guys
can make up a passport.
I'll get you some money, too.
Please.
I owe you one.
Hey, I'm supposed to die.
Who is he?
A bum named Sakamoto.
Let's see his face!
Doesn't look anything like him.
Hey, put these clothes to him!
Destroy his face and hands.
Burn his back.
And plant the driver's license on him.
Give me booze. Booze.
What a dirty bag!
We were too busy
getting the money
to get a better bag.
So, my name's Sakamoto.
When you sign your name,
please use these characters.
The PIN numbers are there.
What's this 1-1-2-3?
Big Brother Harada's birthday.
Says he wants you to remember him.
That idiot!
Hey, who the hell are you?
Aniki!
Aniki?
My friends,
Jay and Mo.
This is my big brother.
- Hey, whassup?
- Whassup?
(Brother) Where's Denny?
How come he's not here yet?
(Jay) Must be gambling again.
(Brother) Let's go
without him, then.
We've got something to do.
Stay here.
We'll get something to eat later.
(Mo) Check it.
(Brother) OK, let's go.
You doing all right?
(Indistinct chatter)
That's how I have
to hit 'em sometimes.
I can feel 'em!
One, two, three, four, let's go!
(Jay) 'You're brothers,
but you don't look alike.'
Yeah. We are half-brothers.
I don't know the details.
We were all abandoned.
Isn't that right, my brother?
We were orphans, huh?
We were all put in, er,
some funny institution.
My brother paid for me
to come here and study.
And you end up pushing drugs.
Don't say that
in front of my brother.
But he doesn't
understand English anyway.
Is there anything you need, sir?
Do you have water?
I'll get you some right away.
And what time will you be
leaving tomorrow, sir?
Damn! No tip this time!
Aniki, you shouldn't tip
the hotel maid $100!
He gave the maid 100 bucks
to make his bed.
He must be really loaded.
Then the maid left him
$95 change and this note saying,
"You shouldn't spend money
like this. $5 is enough."
If it were me, I'd have kept it.
(Mo) Hell, yeah!
Hey, Denny. What happened?
(Sighs and groans)
Some joker cut me up yesterday, man.
- Who?
- Fuck if I know.
Chink. Some Jap motherfucker, man.
Must've been trying to gank
another tourist.
You don't give up, do you?
Denny, this is my big brother.
He's here from Japan.
Your brother didn't run into me
yesterday, did he?
He's not the one
who fucked my eye up, is he?
What?
Aniki, didn't meet him yesterday,
right?
Didn't cut his eye, right?
All Japanese look the same to you.
You can't tell one from the other.
- Maybe so.
- Well, shall we go?
Yo. Y'all gotta roll without me, man.
This shit is hurting.
Then you can hang out
with my brother.
But he doesn't speak English.
What the fuck am I
supposed to do with him?
Drink beer and kill time.
OK, Aniki.
How much beer
are we supposed to drink?
(Silent)
Let's play.
(Traffic, sirens in distance)
(Denny) 'All right, check it out.'
I'm betting you
six to one odds, all right?
So if I win,
that's six times, all right?
If I bet $10 I get 60 back, OK?
Roll the dice.
Um, ah, let me think … three.
Three. It's gonna be a three.
I know it in my heart.
- Six.
- Oh, you betting, too?
All right. Well, if you win
you get $60, you know?
Let's see who's gonna …
(Chuckling) Ain't that a bitch?
All right,
let's do it one more time.
This time I got two and four
at three to one odds, all right?
So if I get one of them,
that's three times, OK?
All right?
Let's see what you got now, player.
Come on. Come on.
What? What?
Six.
No, no! Ain't nobody
gonna get six twice in a row!
You crazy, man, or what?
Well, what is it?
Ain't that a …
Something wrong
with these dice, man!
You're cheating.
Something. God damn!
$20, man …
Hey, where you going, man?
Ah, ta-ba-ko.
Ta … ta-ba-ko. What?
Cigarette.
Oh, tobacco! There's a store
right out there. Check it out.
(Door closes)
Cheatin'-ass mother …
What the hell?
Oh, now, ain't this a bitch?
Oh, yeah.
A fucking hole in the cup?
Son of a bitch!
A hole in the cup!
It's the oldest trick
in the book, man!
I can't believe this shit.
Hand over the money
for the last batch.
All right.
What the fuck is this?
- Fifteen hundred, right?
- No, three Gs.
Hey, that's too much.
That's the price.
We can't make money, then.
Take it or leave it.
I didn't make you sell drugs.
- What are we supposed to do?
- Shut the fuck up!
All right, you cheating son
of a bitch, where's my money?
I'm leaving.
Don't go, Aniki!
His thugs will get you.
Got any guns?
Some old ones.
- Bring them!
Mo, get my brother
back to the hotel … please.
- All right.
- Be careful!
What the fuck is going on?
Ken's brother
beat the shit out of Victor.
(Laughing) That's tight!
Are you the Jap
that beat up the boss, hmm?
Come with us. Come on.
(Mo) Yo, hold up, man.
You don't follow him.
We'll kill you.
Hold up. Then why'd he hit Ken?
(Falls on horn)
(Horn continues)
(Horn stops)
(Car door opening)
(Quiet samba music)
What the fuck do you want,
cabrón, huh?
I want them shot!
I'm fucking pissed!
(Speaks Japanese)
If you kill him in one shot,
he'll give you 10 bucks.
What'll we do?
Take their turf.
We'll have trouble with the Mexicans.
Then, it's war!
My brother says we are
going to war with the cholos.
Aniki,
do we have to stay in here forever?
No choice.
We go out, we're dead!
Hitmen may be here already.
(Knock at door)
Aniki?
Kato?
What's going on?
I'm at war in America, too.
(Jay) What exactly
did he do in Japan?
(Ken) He was a gangster.
(Mo) Who's the other guy?
(Ken) His lieutenant.
(Conversation inaudible)
Aniki!
They contacted us.
What did they say?
- Want to meet tomorrow.
Where?
At the Sunset Square Hotel at 10:00.
Hide them.
All right.
I'll check the conference room.
Where we gonna hide these?
Take 'em out of the bag.
- Will it fit?
- Yeah.
Wait a minute.
OK.
So do you think you'd
get away with what you did?
They're asking,
if we think we can get away with it.
So. Want a war?
What are you gonna do?
Go to war with us?
We'd wipe you out!
They say they'll kill us.
Tell them: try it.
Bring it on. Come on!
(Laughs)
Just relax. We're kidding.
Let's discuss this
like gentlemen, yeah?
We'll give you the territory.
We didn't like those guys anyway.
From now on, you're gonna be
in charge, just as it always was.
You don't have any
objection to that, right?
They say they'll give us the turf.
- Say: we accept.
OK, we accept.
Okay, go!
(Door closes)
You told them you'd let them
have the territory.
Why do that for these fucking Japs?
Why not?
We're gonna massacre 'em
all later anyway.
It was occupied.
Couldn't get them.
What're we going to do?
Feel under the table.
Good to have insurance.
I understand fucking Jap,
asshole!
Where did Aniki say we were going?
He said he's meeting some woman.
A date?
He's interested in women now?
I'm sorry I'm late.
Hi, guys. I'm Marina.
Nice to meet you.
Can't make out
if she's pretty or ugly
but she's sure got class.
What the fuck?
Just joking. She's beautiful.
He's just joking.
Thank you!
(Ken) 'Hey, where's Denny?'
(Mo) 'It's his mom's birthday,
he's at home.'
(Ken) 'Doesn't his mom
work any more?'
(Jay) 'She don't need
to be a maid any more.'
(Ken) 'Right, right.'
(Chatter)
- Hey. Thanks for coming by.
- No problem, man. Free food!
Hey, Ma, these are my friends.
- Hello.
- Happy birthday, Mrs Turner.
This is for you, from my brother.
Oh, from your brother? Thank you.
Ah, he's not my brother.
He's not here.
Oh, OK, all right.
Listen, would you guys help
yourself to cake, please?
OK.
Go on. There's a lot
for everybody. Go on.
(Giggling) Oh, look at this!
This couldn't fit me.
- For Latifah.
- Is it?
- Come on. Come here.
- For me?
Yes. Oh, Latifah.
Oh, my goodness.
You know how to put this on?
That … That …
That bitch took Aniki, took Aniki.
Oh, this is nice.
I know when I'm gonna use this!
Your friends
have such wonderful taste!
There. Let's try this one.
Oh, boy.
OK, OK, how do we get this off?
Ah, here we go.
Ah, this is interesting.
What's in this?
(Woman) Put 'em on!
They know what to get you, don't
they? Don't they? Look at that.
Oh, man.
Now, don't try to be too cool.
Higashiyama, pass the ball
to me! To me!
It's my ball.
Isn't it my ball!
Don't you know the rules?
That's it. Higashiyama.
Over there. Pass it to me.
That's why the Americans beat you!
All right. Over there.
Hey, Minamino, over here!
I'm open.
See?!
Pass it.
What's the matter with you?
Hey, Moose! Moose!
Hey, Higashiyama, come here!
You're out.
Because you won't pass.
All right, Moose.
You're the helper.
I'm telling you
to pass to me!
All right, Moose …!
Pass to me.
Come on, to me …
I told you to pass
you bastard!
Ouch!
Why do you like this place?
I lived in this kind of place.
Must have been poor.
- Shut up!
Let's go.
Uh-huh.
Come on, relax.
- Ooh.
- Hey, Jay.
I'm Michael Jordan.
- What?
- I'm Michael Jordan.
No, you're more like Michael Gordon.
Not Michael Jordan,
don't get it twisted.
- Michael Gordon, that's you.
- I'm Michael Jordan.
You know what I mean?
Y'all got Michael Jordan?
Not our Michael Jordan.
- I'm Michael Jordan.
- Oh, OK.
- The same Michael Jordan.
- Not the bald-headed Mike.
No, you're like
Shaquille O'Neal right there.
That's who you're like.
- Shaq, you're like Shaq.
- I'm Michael Jordan.
Man. Man.
Er … woman.
Man.
Man, even if
I raise my handicap to 20 …
How much more could I win
in an hour? It's crazy.
- Woman.
- Damn.
Woman.
(Chuckling)
The same woman is going
back and forth down the street.
What's going on?
That's Aniki's woman.
(Money counter whirrs)
Ken, would you sign this?
All right.
- Sign, please.
- OK.
You're spending too much.
What are you doing?
Hurry up, do some work!
Check-mate.
That was my piece
until a little while ago.
Well, once we take it, it's ours.
Oh, I get it. Kinda like you.
What's that?
This guy isn't paying up
so I'll send this to his house.
Show me!
- Then, he'll have to pay up.
Hey, how's it going?
That ho hasn't called yet, sir.
- How many hos do you have?
- Five, sir.
Business is slow, huh?
Nice fucking shirt!
Japs and niggers! Big fucking deal!
Hey, wanna play some dice?
- Hmm, OK.
- All right. No cheating.
(Laughing) OK.
All right, I'm gonna
call my mother real quick.
(Helicopter overhead)
Hey, what's up, Ma? Yeah, it's me.
I'm gonna be late, all right?
Got some things I gotta do.
Yeah, I love you too. Bye.
Aniki?
(Man) Drop the gun or I'll kill him.
Denny, shoot! Shoot!
- (Man) Drop the gun!
- Put the fucking gun down!
(Man) I'll kill him!
(Aniki) Shoot! Shoot!
Put the gun down!
(Man) Drop it!
(Aniki) Shoot!
Oh, shit.
Aniki!
He needs rest.
All right.
Sorry, doc. Hope this is OK.
Thanks.
What the fuck did you do?
(Gunshots)
Keep your eyes open.
Don't you think it's time
for your brother to move?
He likes it here.
What about you?
I'll go with you, Aniki.
How is he?
Much better.
He was fooling around with Denny.
We caught the pusher who ran away.
They caught the runaway pusher.
What shall we do with him?
- Have him cut off his finger!
What are you doing? Stand up!
Hey! Go to the sushi bar.
Get knife and cutting board.
What are you guys gonna do?
Cut his finger off.
What happens if you
cut his finger off?
Erm … he can't
swim straight any more.
How's that?
You can't feel anything, can you?
(Fast, nervous breathing)
Do it.
Do it!
I'll show you how to do it.
Stick your finger out!
Wait, wait!
I'll give it back, all right?
Just stop the shit.
Don't cut my fucking …
(Screaming) Oh, God!
Get off me!
Oh, shit! You mother-FUCK!
Who's the boss of Little Tokyo?
We can expand
if he joins us.
- Hey, Mo.
- Yeah?
Who's the boss of Little Tokyo?
Some, ah, player named Shirase.
- Shirase?
- Shirase.
Should I tell Aniki
if we got together,
like join up with them,
our family will be bigger?
What do you think?
A guy named Shirase.
Let's talk to Aniki.
Joining forces with Shirase
is a bad idea.
- Why?
- He's way too dangerous.
So are we.
Hey, Aniki, want me to
get you some cigarettes?
No, thanks.
- Why?
- My stomach … hurts.
(Sighing) I'm sorry, man.
Just joking. Joking.
You're messing with me, man.
(Ken) You wait here.
Don't give me that bullshit.
Be sworn brothers with him?
Be Yamamoto's henchman?
What the fuck!
I've come this far
by myself.
I haven't had any help from anyone.
Why doesn't Yamamoto come himself
instead of a punk like you?
Who the fuck does he think he is?
Aniki's not good at things like this.
This? Fuck him.
Hey. These fucking guys
want me to be a henchman, you know?
What should I tell them?
You won't reconsider?
No way!
If we joined up,
we'd be better off and bigger!
I can do that on my own.
Get out!
You motherfucker.
We can crush you, anytime!
Just try it!
Didn't work out.
- Thought so.
He's impossible.
- Let's go.
Hey, we're going.
I have something to do.
Let's go.
- My appointment …
What is it?
What do you want?
About what we discussed …
I said the answer is no.
We really want you to join us.
If you like, you can be
equal brothers with Yamamoto.
That's bullshit!
I'd stake my life for Aniki.
What're you talking about, asshole?
A line from a gangster movie.
Oh yeah? Let's see if you mean it.
Lend me your gun.
Go ahead. Stake your life!
I count on you, uncle!
Hey, stop!
I'm all yours, Aniki.
(Tires screech)
Kill them!
The boss says we don't need you.
What is this bullshit? You need me!
You wanna fucking expand,
you need me. I'm the man!
You know how many I killed?
I got a long list of bodies!
Fucking Japs cross me,
you'll be on that long list …
(Gunshot)
You! Come upstairs.
- You did it this time, boy.
- How's your friend feel?
You want some, come and get some
Where you from? (Laughing)
Take care, now.
Who are they?
- Crooked cops. They're on the take.
Get out of here.
Shirase, aren't you overdoing it?
For Brother Kato's sake,
we have to make this family bigger.
I'm going all the way.
Don't smoke that in front of me!
Sorry, Sir!
He's in a bad mood. What happened?
What's this dirty bag?
Shut up!
Go home!
There's a letter for Mr. Kato.
It's from Mr. Harada in Tokyo.
I'll take it.
How're you doing?
How's Brother Yamamoto?
I've had troubles
but I have my own family now.
I owe it all to him
that I've come this far as an outsider.
That's some finger you had made.
Wearing that, you won't
be thrown out of golf clubs?
Mr. Harada and boss
sure are prosperous.
Being an outsider,
it wasn't easy.
Because of your efforts
we've grown bigger.
Keep up the good work
and no rivalry.
But, Boss!
Since there's an outsider among us
it's hard to tell
what he's hiding inside him.
Matsumoto,
are you talking about me?
Do you want to take a look
at what's in my stomach?
Bring me a knife!
See for yourself!
(Groaning)
Take him away!
Matsumoto,
you tarnished this celebration.
I demand you take
responsibility for this!
Sorry, Sir!
Please forgive me with this.
The Mafia is harassing us.
Should we give them a share?
They're demanding half,
aren't they?
Well? Sugimoto?
20% is the limit.
(Man) 'We got your woman.
'Come to the Sixth Street bridge.
Come alone.'
Where is he going?
- Home … I guess.
Shouldn't you take him home?
He doesn't want me to know
where he lives.
(Shirase) Ah …
That's playing it safe, huh?
(Groans)
Isn't Aniki coming?
No, he's got something
to take care of.
Shit!
You know,
he should pay more attention
to the family business.
Hey. The Mafia says
20% is not acceptable.
- They want 50%.
- Well, fuck them!
What shall we do?
It's war.
Fuck with the Italians,
we'll be asking for trouble.
(Mo) We'll all die.
I'm a Yakuza from the old school.
If I have to die, so be it.
(Man) Freeze!
- Bring him over here.
- Yes, sir.
Who sent you?
Which family?
(Screams)
Aniki?
You OK?
You don't look too good, man.
Gonna eat?
Denny … Run away.
What?
Where to?
Hm. Here, eat it.
Really?
All right.
So … It's war.
Hey, boys. Here's to the boss.
Hey, to Don, congratulations.
That's not bad, is it?
(Chatter and laughter)
- Here.
- Thank you.
(Gasping and choking)
(Shirase) We just killed
Geppetti, so it's war.
You better be ready.
The Mafia will torture you to death.
If you get caught,
take one of these.
You'll die quickly without pain.
Aniki.
You and I,
we don't need this shit, right?
It's over.
We'll all die.
What a terrible thing to do.
- Clean it up.
- Yes, sir.
(Jay clears throat)
(Explosion)
Aniki.
We are going to avenge
Aniki's death.
Don't even think about running.
(Man) Denny, gimme my 9mm!
OK, buddy, let's go. Colin. Colin!
So, he's dead.
(Shouting and gunfire)
(Heavy gunfire)
(Shouting)
(Screaming and gunfire)
Let's go.
Mr. Sugimoto,
you can leave now.
We're closing the office.
I want to update the books
through today.
What's that?
- Clothes.
- What is it?
- Some clothes.
Let's go
to my mother's house for now.
OK. Go.
Wait here.
Ma!
(Denny) Oh, God … Oh, God.
Oh, God … Oh, God.
Aniki, we're finished.
I'm leaving town.
Up to you.
What about you?
I'm staying.
Oh, God. Oh, God. (Sobbing)
Oh, God. Oh, God.
(Door buzzer)
Jay, run!
(Gunshots)
DEATH
There's only one of 'em.
Let's go.
Aniki, you don't have
to do this, you know?
This is my business.
Denny, OK, go ahead.
Ahh! Ahh! Oh, God!
(Denny) Oh! Oh, God!
Oh! Oh, God have mercy!
(Denny groaning)
(Guard) Hey, it's all right.
So what do you wanna do with him?
All right, here's how it works.
Now, one of these five strings
is attached to the trigger.
You get to choose three.
If none of 'em pull …
we'll let you go, honestly.
All right?
Now go ahead, choose three.
(Denny) Come on.
Come on!
Pick one!
The first one. On the left!
This one? All right.
All right. Choose another one.
Come on!
(Sighing) Ah … fifth one.
Fifth? One, two,
three, four, five …
Pretty lucky guy!
All right, last one.
Come on, come on!
- The second one.
- Second.
God damn son of a bitch!
You motherfuckers!
Get out. Get out!
- Come on. Come on!
- What are you doing?
(Gunshots)
Here. Take it. Run away.
Denny, your eye …
I did it.
Yeah, I know, my brother.
You even killed
one of your own men.
You evil son of a bitch, you.
(Phone)
(Ringing continues)
(Ringing stops)
Are you Japanese?
Here on business?
You Japanese are so inscrutable.
(Cars outside)
For the repairs.
Run away?
Fucking run away?
Where the fuck am I supposed
to run to, huh? Run where?
These motherfuckers are gonna
kill me no matter where I go.
Fucking shit.
My whole life is fucked up, man!
Just fucked up!
Oh, shit!
I was better off dealing on the
fucking corner, I swear to God.
What the fuck? What am I doing?
And you give me some
fucking stink-ass gym bag
full of stinky-ass clothes, huh?
What the fuck are you telling
me, die in clean underwear?
Huh?
Fucking sick Japanese
tradition or some shit?
Oh, you fucking …
Fuck!
What the fuck
is in this shit, anyway?
Oh, shit.
Holy shit! Holy shit!
Oh, shit!
"Here's the $60
I owe you for cheating,
"plus interest for you.
"Your brother, Yamamoto."
Oh, shit. Oh, shit, man.
Oh, shit, man. Fuck you!
Fuck you, man!
Fuck!
Fucking shit. God damn it!
Oh, shit!
Whoo. Holy shit!
Oh, shit.
Oh, man.
Son of a bitch.
God damn, I love you, man.
I love you, Aniki,
wherever you're at, man!
DVD Subtitles
by European Captioning Institute